Improve Test Analytics Environment Variable docs (#2278)
buildkite/docs: pages/test_analytics/ci_environments.md

If available, test collectors gather information about your test runs, such as branch names and build IDs.
Test collectors gather information from the following CI environments:

- [Buildkite](/docs/test-analytics/ci-environments#buildkite)
- [CircleCI](/docs/test-analytics/ci-environments#circleci)
- [GitHub Actions](/docs/test-analytics/ci-environments#github-actions)

> If you run test collectors inside [containers](/docs/test-analytics/ci-environments#containers-and-test-collectors) or you're using another CI system, then you must set variables to report your CI details to Buildkite.

Reviewer: Optional tightening:

```suggestion
If you run test collectors inside [containers](/docs/test-analytics/ci-environments#containers-and-test-collectors) or use another CI system, you must set variables to report your CI details to Buildkite.
```

If available, test collectors gather information about your test runs, such as branch names and build IDs.
Test collectors gather information from the following CI environments:

- [Buildkite](/docs/test-analytics/ci-environments#buildkite)
- [CircleCI](/docs/test-analytics/ci-environments#circleci)
- [GitHub Actions](/docs/test-analytics/ci-environments#github-actions)

> If you run test collectors inside containers or you're using another CI system, then you must set variables to report your CI details to Buildkite.

Reviewer 2: Can we add a link to the docker section below?

If you're not using a test collector, see [Importing JSON](/docs/test-analytics/importing-json) and [Importing JUnit XML](/docs/test-analytics/importing-junit-xml) to learn how to provide run environment data.

> ## Recommended environment variables

Reviewer: Markdown style: Include a blank line after headings.

```suggestion
## Recommended environment variables

```

> If you're manually providing Buildkite Test Analytics environment variables, we'd strongly recommend setting the following variables:

Reviewer: A couple of style thoughts:

- Let's drop the _'d_ to make this a bit simpler and stronger.
- I don't think we need to include the product name.

```suggestion
If you're manually providing environment variables, we strongly recommend setting the following variables:
```

| Field name             | Description                                   | Features unlocked                                 |
|------------------------|-----------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------|
| `run_env[branch]`      | the branch or reference for this build        | filter data by branch                             |

> | `run_env[key]`         | the UUID for the build                        | required field, group batches of data by this key |

Reviewer 3: Should required fields go at the top for some data hierarchy 🐘

Reviewer 3: Maybe having a 4th column to indicate optional vs required? I've seen that in other docs, might make us seem less data hungry or something? 🐘

Author: > Should required fields go at the top for some data hierarchy 🐘

🤔 I just copied this order from the Buildkite section below, but there's no rhyme or reason as to the order in which these env vars are displayed... The key is actually last in the other sections! I think I will move it to the top in this section but the ordering of this is pretty inconsistent lol 

> Maybe having a 4th column to indicate optional vs required? I've seen that in other docs, might make us seem less data hungry or something? 🐘

Hmm, I don't think the table would look as nice with four columns

> | Field name             | Description                                   | Features unlocked                                 |
> |------------------------|-----------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------|
> | `run_env[key]`         | the UUID for the build                        | required field, group batches of data by this key |
> | `run_env[branch]`      | the branch or reference for this build        | filter data by branch                             |
> | `run_env[url]`         | the URL for the build on your CI provider     | handy link back to your CI build                  |
> | `run_env[commit_sha]`  | the commit hash for the head of the branch    | enable automatic flaky test detection             |
> | `run_env[message]`     | the commit message for the head of the branch | easily identify your runs                         |
> {: class="responsive-table"}

Reviewer: I think this information would be a bit clearer and simpler in a list:

```suggestion
- `run_env[key]`: A required variable that sends the UUID for the build, letting you group batches of data by the key.
- `run_env[branch]`: Sends the branch or reference for this build, enabling you to filter data by branch.
- `run_env[url]`: Provides the URL for the build on your CI provider, giving you a handy link back to the CI build.
- `run_env[commit_sha]`: Sends the commit hash for the head of the branch, enabling automatic flaky test detection in your builds.
- `run_env[message]`: Forwards the commit message for the head of the branch, helping you identify different runs more easily.
```

What do you think?
